Add doc changes to include the new fields in stack config policy (#7381)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/security/managing-authentication-for-multiple-stacks/jwt-stack-config-policy.asciidoc

:parent_page_id: auth-config-using-stack-config-policy
:page_id: jwt-stack-config-policy
ifdef::env-github[]
****
link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-{parent_page_id}.html#k8s-{page_id}[View this document on the Elastic website]
****
endif::[]
[id="{p}-{page_id}"]

= JWT using Elastic Stack configuration policy

NOTE: This requires a valid Enterprise license or Enterprise trial license. Check <<{p}-licensing,the license documentation>> for more details about managing licenses.

TIP: Make sure you check the complete link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/jwt-auth-realm.html[guide to setting up JWT with Elasticsearch].

Configuring JWT with Elastic Stack configuration policy

> . Add your JWT realm to the elasticsearch.yml file using the `config` field under `elasticsearch` in the Elastic Stack configuration policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add your JWT realm to the `elasticsearch.yml` file using the `config` field under `elasticsearch` in the Elastic Stack configuration policy
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros"]
----
elasticsearch:
    config:
       xpack.security.authc.realms.jwt.jwt1:
         order: -98
         token_type: id_token
         client_authentication.type: shared_secret
         allowed_issuer: "https://es.k8s.elastic.co"
         allowed_audiences: [ "elasticsearch" ]
         allowed_subjects: ["elastic-user"]
         allowed_signature_algorithms: [RS512]
         pkc_jwkset_path: jwks/jwkset.json
         claims.principal: sub
----

> . Add `shared_secret` that will be used for client authentication to the Elasticsearch keystore. The following steps can be followed to do this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add the `shared_secret` setting that will be used for client authentication to the Elasticsearch keystore.
```

    .. Create a secret in the operator namespace containing the shared secret
+
[source,sh]
----
kubectl create secret generic shared-secret --from-literal=xpack.security.authc.realms.jwt.jwt1.client_authentication.shared_secret=<sharedsecret>
----
    .. Add the secret name to the `secureSettings` field under `elasticsearch` in the Elastic Stack configuration policy
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros"]
----
  elasticsearch:
    secureSettings:
:   - secretName: shared-secret
----

> . Add an additional volume to the Elasticsearch pods that contain the JSON Web Keys, it should be mounted to the path that is configured for the `xpack.security.authc.realms.jwt.jwt1.pkc_jwkset_path` config. The file path is resolved relative to the Elasticsearch configuration directory. The following steps can be followed to do this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add an additional volume to the Elasticsearch pods that contain the JSON Web Keys, it should be mounted to the path that is configured for the `xpack.security.authc.realms.jwt.jwt1.pkc_jwkset_path` config. The file path is resolved relative to the Elasticsearch configuration directory.
```

    .. Create a secret in the operator namespace that has the jwk set
+
[source,sh]
----
kubectl create secret generic jwks-secret --from-file=jwkset.json
----
    .. Add the secret name and mountpath to the `secretMounts` field under `elasticsearch` in the Elastic Stack configuration policy
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros"]
----
secretMounts:
    - secretName: jwks-secret
      mountPath: "/usr/share/elasticsearch/config/jwks"
----

. You can use the `securityRoleMappings` field under `elasticsearch` in the Elastic Stack configuration policy to define role mappings that determine which roles should be assigned to each user based on their username, groups, or other metadata.
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros"]
----
securityRoleMappings:

>       jwt1-user-role:

Reviewer 2: Indentation seems off

Author: fixed indentation
